my pleasure my honor to invite you to
this incredible opening ceremony I just
finished you want to watch it on the
incredible highlights of the I said this
is the perpetual trophy of the essay I
an incredible mail server in the front
and look at her she's hidden incredible
too that's the view from its attitude
and of course most importantly the sense
of the world box 27 nations came today
from all the five continents to bring
together surfing and show the world that
peace is possible is not only needed as
possible peace through surfing all
living to a different different
socio-economical countries languages
religions colors of the skin
neelathamara world surface and we will
walk a very good place in the world to
live and this is our help the sands of
the world sorry much with all the color
for all the different countries
welcome you again five days of 24 hours
oh sure
hola